cloud: DM supports physical mode (#14993)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md

- Amazon Aurora MySQL writer instances support both existing data and incremental data migration. Amazon Aurora MySQL reader instances only support existing data migration and do not support incremental data migration.

### Maximum number of migration jobs

- You can create up to 200 migration jobs for each organization. To create more migration jobs, you need to [file a support ticket](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).

### Filtered out and deleted databases

- The system databases will be filtered out and not migrated to TiDB Cloud even if you select all of the databases to migrate. That is, `mysql`, `information_schema`, `information_schema`, and `sys` will not be migrated using this feature.

- When you delete a cluster in TiDB Cloud, all migration jobs in that cluster are automatically deleted and not recoverable.

### Limitations of existing data migration

- During existing data migration, if the table to be migrated already exists in the target database with duplicated keys, the duplicate keys will be replaced.

> - If your dataset size is smaller than 1 TiB, it is recommended that you use logical mode (the default mode). If your dataset size is larger than 1 TiB, you can use physical mode. For more information, see [Migrate existing data and incremental data](#migrate-existing-data-and-incremental-data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your dataset size is smaller than 1 TiB, it is recommended that you use logical mode (the default mode). If your dataset size is larger than 1 TiB, or you want to migrate existing data faster, you can use physical mode. For more information, see [Migrate existing data and incremental data](#migrate-existing-data-and-incremental-data).
```

> - If your dataset size is smaller than 1 TiB, it is recommended that you use logical mode (the default mode). If your dataset size is larger than 1 TiB, or you want to migrate existing data faster, you can use physical mode. For more information, see [Migrate existing data and incremental data](#migrate-existing-data-and-incremental-data).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If your dataset size is smaller than 1 TiB, it is recommended that you use [logical mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-logical-import-mode) (the default mode). If your dataset size is larger than 1 TiB, or you want to migrate existing data faster, you can use [physical mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode). For more information, see [Migrate existing data and incremental data](#migrate-existing-data-and-incremental-data).
```

To migrate data to TiDB Cloud once and for all, choose both **Existing data migration** and **Incremental data migration**, which ensures data consistency between the source and target databases.

You can use [physical mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode) or [logical mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-logical-import-mode) to migrate **existing data**.

- The default mode is **Logical mode**. This mode supports migrating data into a table with existing data. But the performance is slower than physical mode.

> - It is recommended to use **Physical mode** for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. For the specification of 16RCU, the performance is about 2.5 times faster than logical mode. The performance of other specifications can also increase by more than 100% compared with logcial mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is recommended to use **Physical mode** for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. For the specification of 16RCU, the performance is about 2.5 times faster than logical mode. The performance of other specifications can also increase by 20% to 50% compared with logical mode. (The performance data is for reference only and may vary in different scenarios.)
```

> - It is recommended to use **Physical mode** for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. For the specification of 16RCU, the performance is about 2.5 times faster than logical mode. The performance of other specifications can also increase by 20% to 50% compared with logical mode.  Note that the performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios.

Author: ```suggestion
- It is recommended to use **Physical mode** for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. For the specification of 16RCU, the performance is about 2.5 times faster than logical mode. The performance of other specifications can also increase by 20% to 50% compared with logical mode. Note that the performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios.
```

There are limitations for using physical mode:

> - When you use physical mode, you cannot create a second migration job before the existing data migration is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you use physical mode, you cannot create a second migration job or import task for the TiDB Cluster before the existing data migration is completed.
```

- Physical mode is available only for TiDB clusters in AWS regions.

Physical mode exports the upstream data as fast as possible, so [different specifications](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing-dm.md#specifications-for-data-migration) have different performance impacts on QPS and TPS of the upstream database during data export. The following table shows the performance regression of each specification.

| Migration specifications | Performance regression of the upstream database | Maximum Export speed |
|-------|-------|----------|
| 2RCU  | 15.6% | 80.84M/s |
| 4RCU  | 20.0% | 214.2M/s |
| 8RCU  | 28.9% | 365.5M/s |

> | 16RCU | 46.7% | 424.6M/s |

Reviewer: 这里建议导出性能放在第二列，性能衰退放在第三列，更顺一些。

> | Migration specifications | Performance regression of the upstream database | Maximum Export speed |
> |-------|-------|----------|
> | 2RCU  | 15.6% | 80.84M/s |
> | 4RCU  | 20.0% | 214.2M/s |
> | 8RCU  | 28.9% | 365.5M/s |
> | 16RCU | 46.7% | 424.6M/s |

Author: ```suggestion
| Migration specifications |  Maximum Export speed | Performance regression of the upstream database |
|---------|-------------|--------|
| 2RCU   | 80.84 M/s  | 15.6% |
| 4RCU   | 214.2 M/s  | 20.0% |
| 8RCU   | 365.5 M/s  | 28.9% |
| 16RCU | 424.6 M/s  | 46.7% |
```

> | 2RCU   | 80.84 MB/s  | 15.6% |
> | 4RCU   | 214.2 MB/s  | 20.0% |
> | 8RCU   | 365.5 MB/s  | 28.9% |
> | 16RCU | 424.6 MB/s  | 46.7% |

Author: ```suggestion
| 2RCU   | 80.84 MiB/s  | 15.6% |
| 4RCU   | 214.2 MiB/s  | 20.0% |
| 8RCU   | 365.5 MiB/s  | 28.9% |
| 16RCU | 424.6 MiB/s  | 46.7% |
```

> - The default mode is **Logical mode**. This mode supports migrating data into a table with existing data. But the performance is slower than physical mode.
> 
> - It is recommended to use **Physical mode** for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. For the specification of 16RCU, the performance is about 2.5 times faster than logical mode. The performance of other specifications can also increase by 20% to 50% compared with logical mode. Note that the performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios.
> 
> There are limitations for using physical mode:
> 
> - When you use physical mode, you cannot create a second migration job or import task for the TiDB cluster before the existing data migration is completed.
> - Physical mode is available only for TiDB clusters in AWS regions.
> 
> Physical mode exports the upstream data as fast as possible, so [different specifications](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing-dm.md#specifications-for-data-migration) have different performance impacts on QPS and TPS of the upstream database during data export. The following table shows the performance regression of each specification.
> 
> | Migration specifications |  Maximum Export speed | Performance regression of the upstream database |
> |---------|-------------|--------|
> | 2RCU   | 80.84 MiB/s  | 15.6% |
> | 4RCU   | 214.2 MiB/s  | 20.0% |
> | 8RCU   | 365.5 MiB/s  | 28.9% |
> | 16RCU | 424.6 MiB/s  | 46.7% |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The default mode is **logical mode**. This mode supports migrating data into a table with existing data. But the performance is slower than physical mode.

- It is recommended to use **physical mode** for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. For the specification of 16 RCUs (Replication Capacity Units), the performance is about 2.5 times faster than logical mode. The performance of other specifications can increase by 20% to 50% compared with logical mode. Note that the performance data is for reference only and might vary in different scenarios.

Physical mode has the following limitations:

- When you use physical mode, you cannot create a second migration job or import task for the TiDB cluster before the existing data migration is completed.
- Physical mode is only available for TiDB clusters deployed on AWS.

Physical mode exports the upstream data as fast as possible, so [different specifications](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing-dm.md#specifications-for-data-migration) have different performance impacts on QPS and TPS of the upstream database during data export. The following table shows the performance regression of each specification.

| Migration specification |  Maximum export speed | Performance regression of the upstream database |
|---------|-------------|--------|
| 2 RCUs   | 80.84 MiB/s  | 15.6% |
| 4 RCUs   | 214.2 MiB/s  | 20.0% |
| 8 RCUs   | 365.5 MiB/s  | 28.9% |
| 16 RCUs | 424.6 MiB/s  | 46.7% |
```

To migrate data to TiDB Cloud once and for all, choose both **Existing data migration** and **Incremental data migration**, which ensures data consistency between the source and target databases.

You can use [physical mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode) or [logical mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-logical-import-mode) to migrate existing data.

- The default mode is **Logical mode**. This mode supports migrating data into a table with existing data. But the performance is slower than physical mode.

> - If you use **Physical mode**, the migration job will use [TiDB Lightning](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-overview) to migrate the existing data. This mode is recommended for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. The performance is about 2.5 times faster than the logical mode. 

Reviewer: 就不要暴露 Lightning 了，减少用户理解复杂度

> - If you use **Physical mode**, the migration job will use [TiDB Lightning](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-overview) to migrate the existing data. This mode is recommended for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. The performance is about 2.5 times faster than the logical mode. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Physical mode** is recommended for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. The performance is about 2.5 times faster than the logical mode. 
```

> - If you use **Physical mode**, the migration job uses [TiDB Lightning](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-overview) in background to migrate the existing data. This mode is recommended for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. The performance is about 2.5 times faster than logical mode.

Author: ```suggestion
- It is recommended to use **Physical mode** for large datasets. When you use this mode, the target table must be empty. The performance is about 2.5 times faster than logical mode.
```

There are limitations for using physical mode:

- When you use physical mode, you cannot create a second migration job before the existing data migration is completed.
- Physical mode is available only for TiDB clusters in AWS regions.

> Physical mode exports the upstream data as fast as possible, so [different specifications](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing-dm.md#specifications-for-data-migration) have different performance impacts on QPS and TPS of the upstream database during data export. The following table shows the performance regression of each specification.

Reviewer: 加粗强调一下是上游数据库，或者在下面的表格第二列表示是上游数据库的性能衰退

Author: Done

> | Migration specifications | Performance regression | Export speed (-t=2*rcu) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Migration specifications | Performance regression | Maximum Export speed |
```

|-------|-------|----------|

> | Without DM    | /   |  / |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
